New Blog for Release KubeEdge v1.13 (#540)
kubeedge/website: blog/release-v1.13/index.mdx

---
authors:
- KubeEdge SIG Release
categories:
- General
- Announcements  
date: 2023-01-23
draft: false
lastmod: 2023-01-23
summary: KubeEdge v1.13 is live! 
tags:
- KubeEdge
- kubeedge
- edge computing
- kubernetes edge computing
- K8s edge orchestration
- edge computing platform
- cloud native
- iot
- iiot
- release v1.13
- v1.13
title: KubeEdge v1.13 is live!
---

> On January 23, 2023, KubeEdge released v1.13. The new version introduces several enhanced features, significantly improving performance, security, and edge device management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Jan 18, 2023, KubeEdge released v1.13. The new version introduces several enhanced features, significantly improving performance, security, and edge device management.
```
It seems that this date is the official release time of release 1.13  https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/commit/65522a5c0f5d8b4b7e9d083b7afa72924090d3a0

Author: made the change, sorry for missing it.
